Import my existing GitHub repository only for development and code work:

https://github.com/bablu-builds/azaan-travels

IMPORTANT:
Replit must NOT manage, configure, authenticate, deploy, or modify my Firebase project.
Replit must NOT manage GitHub Actions, GitHub Secrets, Firebase secrets, Firebase Authentication, Firestore, or Firebase Hosting.

Architecture:
- GitHub is the source of truth.
- GitHub Actions handles CI/CD.
- Firebase handles Authentication, Firestore, and Hosting.
- Replit is ONLY a development environment.

Your tasks:

1. Import the existing GitHub repository:
   https://github.com/bablu-builds/azaan-travels

2. Inspect the entire existing project and understand the current architecture.

3. Preserve the existing UI, routes, business logic, Firebase integration, and project structure unless a change is required to make the application work correctly.

4. Do NOT create a new Firebase project.
5. Do NOT change the Firebase project ID:
   azaan-managment-dashboard
6. Do NOT run Firebase deployment commands.
7. Do NOT configure Firebase Hosting.
8. Do NOT configure Firebase Authentication.
9. Do NOT configure Firestore rules.
10. Do NOT create or modify GitHub Actions.
11. Do NOT create GitHub Secrets.
12. Do NOT request passwords, OTPs, authorization codes, private keys, or Firebase service-account credentials.

13. Inspect the existing Firebase integration and identify exactly which environment variables the application expects.

14. Configure only local Replit development variables using Replit Secrets so the app can run with the REAL Firebase project.
   The application must use:
   VITE_DEMO_MODE=false

15. Do not commit .env files, secrets, API credentials, private keys, or service-account files to GitHub.

16. Verify the application connects to the real Firebase project instead of demo/mock/in-memory data.

17. Verify Firebase Authentication login works with the existing application code.

18. Verify Firestore reads and writes work with the existing application code.

19. Do not change Firebase security rules from Replit.

20. Run:
   pnpm install
   pnpm run build
   pnpm dev

21. Fix only application/code/build issues that prevent the project from working with the existing Firebase integration.

22. Do not perform production deployment.

23. Do not create a second Firebase project.

24. Do not replace existing Firebase configuration with a different architecture.

25. At the end, report:
   - required Firebase environment variable names
   - whether the app successfully connects to Firebase
   - whether Authentication works
   - whether Firestore reads/writes work
   - build status
   - any remaining issues that must be handled manually in Firebase Console or GitHub

Remember:
Firebase Console and GitHub are the production/control systems.
Replit is only for development and testing.